Add `resolve-environment` action (#1684)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Experimental: add a new `resolve-environment` action which invokes a corresponding, new CLI command that allows CodeQL extractors to try and infer a configuration for the build environment that is required to build a given project. Do not use this in production as it is part of an internal experiment and subject to change at any time.

Reviewer: Minor: 

```suggestion
- Experimental: add a new `resolve-environment` action which invokes a CodeQL extractor to attempt to infer a configuration for the build environment that is required to build a given project. Do not use this in production as it is part of an internal experiment and subject to change at any time.
```

Reviewer 2: Alternatively, we could omit the implementation altogether

```suggestion
- Experimental: add a new `resolve-environment` action which attempts to infer a configuration for the build environment that is required to build a given project. Do not use this in production as it is part of an internal experiment and subject to change at any time.
```
